Adding note to deploying nebari section (#101)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/how-tos/domain-registry.md

# Nebari domain registry setup

> 

Reviewer: ### What is a DNS?

The Domain Name System (DNS) turns domain names into IP addresses, which browsers use to load internet pages.
Every device connected to the internet has its IP address, which other devices use to locate the device. 
DNS name servers are used to locate the IP address of a domain name using words or instead of direct IP addresses. 

### Setting up a DNS 

During deployment, Qhub will generate an [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) IP for connection with the Kubernetes cluster and all related services that Qhub runs. If not automatically handled, Qhub will request the user to generate the necessary [DNS records](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-records/) and update the domain within the newly created IP:

```
Take IP Address 12.312.312.312 and update DNS to point to "your.domain" [Press Enter when Complete]
```

Once the IP is generated, you will need to grab it and create the necessary records within the DNS provider of your choice.

> Take IP Address generated for the ingress from the terminal and set up the DNS. Setting a DNS record heavily depends on the provider. Below is the links of detailed docs of DNS providers on how to create a DNS record on all the providers out there. 

Reviewer: ### Cloudflare

@asmijafar20 please copy over the docs in this section https://docs.qhub.dev/en/stable/source/installation/setup.html?highlight=cloudflare#cloudflare
and add a comment regarding setting up `--dns-provider=cloudflare` at the end

### Using other DNS providers

Currently, QHub only supports CloudFlare for automatic DNS registration. If an alternate DNS provider is desired, change the --dns-provider flag from Cloudflare to none on the qhub deploy command.

Below are the links to detailed documentation on how to create and manage DNS records on a few providers:

1. [Cloud DNS](https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/tutorials/create-domain-tutorial) provider.
2. [Amazon Route 53](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/domain-register.html) DNS provider.
3. [Azure DNS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/dns-getstarted-portal) provider.
4. [Digital Ocean DNS](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/networking/dns/quickstart/) provider.

> This domain will be where your application will be exposed.

Reviewer: This can be removed as part of this explanation is now present as an intro

> When you are done with setting up the domain name. You can switch back to the previous page and continue the further steps to deploy Nebari. 

Reviewer: :::note
Once your new DNS domain is created, it might take time for the records and related certs to fully propagate over the internet.

The amount of time you might need to wait varies from each DNS provider. Validate such information in the related documentation for your chosen provider.
:::

### Automatically DNS provision

Qhub has an extra flag for deployments that grants management and creation of the DNS records for you automatically,  for automatically DNS provision add `--dns-auto-provision` to your `qhub deploy` command:

```
qhub deploy -c qhub-config --dns-provider cloudflare --dns-auto-provision
```
This will set the DNS provider as Cloudflare and automatically handle the creation or updates for Qhub domain DNS records on Cloudflare.

:::warn
The usage of `--dns-auto-provision` is restricted to Cloudflare as it is the only fully integrated DNS provider that Qhub currently supports.
:::

When you are done setting up the domain name, you can switch back to the Nebari deployment documentation and further continue the remaining steps.

## Setting up a DNS

During deployment, Qhub will generate an [Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) IP for connection with the Kubernetes cluster and all related services that Qhub runs. If not automatically handled, Qhub will request the user to generate the necessary [DNS records](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/learning/dns/dns-records/) and update the domain within the newly created IP:

```bash
Take IP Address 12.312.312.312 and update DNS to point to "your.domain" [Press Enter when Complete]
```

Once the IP is generated, you will need to grab it and create the necessary records within the DNS provider of your choice.

## Cloudflare

QHub supports Cloudflare as a DNS provider. If you choose to use Cloudflare, first create an account, then there are two possible following options:

1. You can register your application domain name on it, using the [Cloudflare nameserver](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/setup) (recommended).

2. You can outright buy a new domain with Cloudflare (this action isn’t particularly recommended).

> To generate a token [follow these steps](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/tokens/create).

Reviewer 2: I'm confused. Am I supposed to click on the linked words "follow these steps" or am I supposed to follow the steps below?

This is what I think you mean:

```suggestion
To generate a token follow the steps below. For additional information, see the [CloudFlare docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/tokens/create).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Setting up an API token on CloudFlare
```
I'm a little confused at the bottom of this segment on which steps were on the CloudFlare site and which were on my local machine. Adding a subsection is one idea for making this more clear, but feel free to take another approach.

- Under Profile, select the API Tokens menu and click on Create API Token.

- On Edit zone DNS click on Use Template.![screenshot Cloudflare edit Zone DNS](../source/images/cloudflare_auth_1.png).

- Configure Permissions such as the image below:![screenshot Cloudflare Permissions edit](../source/images/cloudflare_permissions_2.1.1.png)

- On Account Resources set the configuration to include your desired account.![screenshot Cloudflare account resources](../source/images/cloudflare_account_resources_scr.png)

- On Zone Resources set it to Include | Specific zone and your domain name.![screenshot Cloudflare zone resources](../source/images/cloudflare_zone_resources.png)

- Click continue to summary.![screenshot Cloudflare summary](../source/images/cloudflare_summary.png)

- Click on the Create Token button and set the token generated as an environment variable on your machine.
 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Setup API token locally
```

> Finally, set the environment variable such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, set the token value as an environment variable:
```

```bash
 export CLOUDFLARE_TOKEN="cloudflaretokenvalue"
```
Also, add the flag `--dns-provider=cloudflare` to the [Qhub deploy command.](https://www.nebari.dev/how-tos/nebari-gcp#deploying-nebari)

## Using other DNS providers

> Currently, QHub only supports CloudFlare for automatic DNS registration. If an alternate DNS provider is desired, change the `--dns-provider` flag from `cloudflare` to `none` on the qhub deploy command.

Reviewer 2: >If an alternate DNS provider is desired, change the `--dns-provider` flag from `cloudflare` to `none` on the qhub deploy command.

Is this the "manual" option?

Author: yes

> Currently, QHub only supports CloudFlare for automatic DNS registration. If an alternate DNS provider is desired, change the `--dns-provider` flag from `cloudflare` to `none` on the qhub deploy command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, QHub only supports CloudFlare for [automatic DNS registration](link to automatic section below). If an alternate DNS provider is desired, change the `--dns-provider` flag from `cloudflare` to `none` on the qhub deploy command.
```

Below are the links to detailed documentation on how to create and manage DNS records on a few providers:

> 1. [Cloud DNS](https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/tutorials/create-domain-tutorial) provider.
> 2. [Amazon Route 53](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/domain-register.html) DNS provider.
> 3. [Azure DNS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/dns-getstarted-portal) provider.
> 4. [Digital Ocean DNS](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/networking/dns/quickstart/) provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Cloud DNS](https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/tutorials/create-domain-tutorial) provider
* [Amazon Route 53](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/domain-register.html) DNS provider
* [Azure DNS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/dns-getstarted-portal) provider
* [Digital Ocean DNS](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/networking/dns/quickstart/) provider
```
Numbering indicates priority and we should avoid that.

:::note

> Once your new DNS domain is created, it might take time for the records and related certs to fully propagate over the internet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once your new DNS domain is created, it might take time for the records and related certificates to fully propagate.
```

> The amount of time you might need to wait varies from each DNS provider. Validate such information in the related documentation for your chosen provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The amount of time this takes varies for each DNS provider. Validate such information in the related documentation for your chosen provider.
```

:::

> ## Automatically DNS provision

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Automatic DNS provision
```

> Qhub has an extra flag for deployments that grants management and creation of the DNS records for you automatically, for automatically DNS provision add --dns-auto-provision to your qhub deploy command:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qhub has an extra flag for deployments that grants management and the creation of the DNS records for you automatically. For automatically DNS provision add `--dns-auto-provision` to your qhub deploy command:

```

> Qhub has an extra flag for deployments that grants management and the creation of the DNS records for you automatically. For automatically DNS provision add `--dns-auto-provision` to your qhub deploy command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Qhub has an extra flag for deployments that grants management and the creation of the DNS records for you automatically. For automatic DNS provision add `--dns-auto-provision` to your qhub deploy command:
```

> qhub deploy -c qhub-config `--dns-provider cloudflare --dns-auto-provision`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`qhub deploy -c qhub-config --dns-provider cloudflare --dns-auto-provision`
```

> qhub deploy -c qhub-config --dns-provider cloudflare --dns-auto-provision
> This will set the DNS provider as Cloudflare and automatically handle the creation or updates for Qhub domain DNS records on Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qhub deploy -c qhub-config `--dns-provider cloudflare --dns-auto-provision`
This will set the DNS provider as Cloudflare and automatically handle the creation or updates for Qhub domain DNS records on Cloudflare.
```

> This will set the DNS provider as Cloudflare and automatically handle the creation or updates for Qhub domain DNS records on Cloudflare.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will set the DNS provider as Cloudflare and automatically handle the creation or updates to the Qhub domain DNS records on Cloudflare.
```

:::warning
The usage of `--dns-auto-provision` is restricted to Cloudflare as it is the only fully integrated DNS provider that Qhub currently supports.
:::

> When you are done setting up the domain name, you can switch back to the [Nebari deployment documentation](https://www.nebari.dev/how-tos/nebari-gcp#deploying-nebari) and further continue the remaining steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you are done setting up the domain name, you can refer back to the [Nebari deployment documentation](https://www.nebari.dev/how-tos/nebari-gcp#deploying-nebari) and continue the remaining steps.
```
